Release of v15.0.2 (#11961)
vitessio/vitess: doc/releasenotes/15_0_2_release_notes.md

# Release of Vitess v15.0.2
## Major Changes

### Upgrade to `go1.18.9`

Vitess `v15.0.2` now runs on `go1.18.9`.

> The patch release of Go, `go1.18.9`, was one of the main reasons for this release as it includes an important security fixe to `net/http` package, which is use extensively by Vitess.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The patch release of Go, `go1.18.9`, was one of the main reasons for this release as it includes an important security fix to `net/http` package, which is used extensively by Vitess.
```
